Video Title: Software Testing Full Course In 10 Hours | Software Testing Tutorial | Edureka
-----------------------------------
Comments:
Thanks a lot for this course. This is such a detailed explanation for the people who are beginners in software testing. Can you please share a pdf/ppt of this
Awesome video! If possible, could you share the presentation slides to better review the content?
Please Open caption. It's helpful to watch the videos with subtites.  
If you want to make a career in software testing please watch this video awesome explanation....
Hello Edureka Team Thanks alot for providing us free Course as now I am fully completed Completed your Course it's very informative, Knowledgeable and in simple words easy to understand Once angain Thanks alot for free access for your course 
Hello Edureka Team Thanks alot for providing us free Course. Course is very informative. can you share the source code or slides of this course? Thank you 
Thanks edureka  for great effort...It's very helpful who is starting their career as software tester...can u plz send slides
Excellent work .. best course ever .. thanks for efforts 
Excellent video....Great effort Edureka team....could you please share the ppt
This was a great and detailed course! Thank you Edureka! Could you please provide ppt slides/study material?
Hello Edureka Team Thanks a lot for providing us free Course as now I am fully completed Completed your Course it's very informative, Knowledgeable and in simple words easy to understand Once again Thanks a lot for free access for your course 
can you guide mw how came back to the this filed because  i am working with finance compony but i want came back to my filed so please help & guide me how can i do this.
its really very good course to learn from Youtube with Edureka. Really am thankful. 
I have a question - I'm just started using this Video , able to understand the topics but I don't have coding knowledge , how to cover this, can. you suggest any steps or inputs for this?
Good information shared.. Please share the notes and PPT 
Hello edureka team. Thank you so much for your fab job towards helping us out to learn better. Could you please share the pdf or ppt of this course?
This is great tutorial...I'm from Nigeria
Thank you for putting up so much hardwork in this and making this video accessible for everyone. Please share the documents/ppt in the video. Thank you
Thank u so much


Edurekaaa
Hello, Edureka Team. Thank you for such enormous and informative tutorial. Can you, please, share necessary study materials for me?
Thank you so much for your all efforts to make this coarse for us , can u please share the slides
-----------------------------------
